docs: persona router homepage + create-l2-rollup tutorial repair (op-geth → op-reth) (#21848)
ethereum-optimism/optimism: docs/public-docs/index.mdx

---
title: "OP Stack documentation"

> description: "Build apps on the Superchain, deploy your own OP Stack chain, run a node, or learn how the protocol works - all starting here."

Reviewer: ```suggestion
description: "Build apps on the OP Stack, deploy your own OP Stack chain, run a node, or learn how the protocol works."
```

mode: "wide"
---

<div className="hero-section">
  <div className="hero-content">
    <div className="hero-buttons">
      <a href="/app-developers/quickstarts/get-started" className="btn-primary">Start building</a>
      <a href="/chain-operators/quickstart" className="btn-secondary">Deploy a chain</a>
    </div>
  </div>
</div>

## Find your path

<CardGroup cols={2}>
  <Card title="App developers" icon="code" href="/app-developers/quickstarts/get-started">

>     Build and deploy apps on OP Mainnet and other Superchain chains. Deploy your first contract, bridge ETH to a testnet, and explore interop.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    Build and deploy apps on OP Mainnet and other OP Stack chains. Deploy your first contract, bridge ETH to a testnet, and explore interop.
```

  </Card>
  <Card title="Chain operators" icon="server" href="/chain-operators/quickstart">
    Launch and operate your own OP Stack chain. Deploy the L1 contracts, spin up a sequencer, and run the full stack of services.
  </Card>
  <Card title="Node operators" icon="hard-drive" href="/node-operators/overview">
    Run a node on OP Mainnet or any OP Stack chain. Docker-based setups, source builds, monitoring, and troubleshooting.
  </Card>
  <Card title="Protocol learners & contributors" icon="book-open" href="/op-stack/introduction/op-stack">

>     Understand how the OP Stack works - from transaction flow to fault proofs and interop - and dig into the Rust components.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    Understand how the OP Stack works - from transaction flow to fault proofs, interop, and more.
```
